i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/1-vorbereiten/abschluss.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Abschluss'
sidebar_position: 7
image: "/img/social-prepare.png"
---

import EditIcon from '@site/static/img/icons/edit.svg';
import { MethodCard } from '@site/src/components/MethodCard';
import { Link } from '@site/src/components/Link';

# Abschluss

## Resultate dokumentieren

<MethodCard
  title="Resultate dokumentieren"
  surtitle="Abschluss"
  imageUrl={"/img/01_hero.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/01_abschluss.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF-Vorlage</Link>}
/>

## Vorbereiten abschließen

### Was zu feiern wäre:

In der Vorbereitung hat mindestens eine Person den Prozess angeschoben, ein Team zusammengestellt, Grundlagen für ein innovatives, erkundendes Vorgehen gelegt und grünes Licht von der Leitungsebene bekommen.

### Was anstrengend gewesen sein könnte:

Innovationsprozesse haben das Potenzial, gewohnte Muster der Zusammenarbeit auf den Prüfstand zu stellen. Dabei kann es zu Schwierigkeiten und Spannungen kommen, die nicht nur persönliche Auswirkung haben, sondern verschiedene Aspekte der Organisation betreffen können wie den Umgang mit Verantwortlichkeiten oder Kommunikationswegen.

### Was im Umgang damit hilfreich ist:

- Methodisch zusammenarbeiten, auch in Regelarbeitsformaten
- Offen kommunizieren und Probleme wertschätzend ansprechen
- Ursachen auf den Grund gehen
- Als Team die Richtung halten
- Überraschungen in den Prozess integrieren

## Ich und der Prozess

<MethodCard
  title="Ich und der Prozess"
  surtitle="Abschluss"
  imageUrl={"/img/process.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/01_ich_und_der_prozess.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF-Vorlage</Link>}
/>

Commit message:

feat: translate 1.4 and 1.5 and 1.conclusion

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/1-vorbereiten/abschluss.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Conclusion'
sidebar_position: 7
image: "/img/social-prepare.png"
---

import EditIcon from '@site/static/img/icons/edit.svg';
import { MethodCard } from '@site/src/components/MethodCard';
import { Link } from '@site/src/components/Link';

# Conclusion

## Document Outcomes

<MethodCard
  title="Document Outcomes"
  surtitle="Conclusion"
  imageUrl={"/img/01_hero.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/01_abschluss.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF template</Link>}
/>

## Conclude the preparation phase

### Things to celebrate:

During the preparation phase, at least one person initiated the process, assembled a team, laid the groundwork for an innovative, exploratory process, and got the green light from management.

### Things that might have been strenuous:

Innovation processes have the potential to put familiar patterns of collaboration to the test. This can lead to difficulties and tensions that not only have a personal impact but can also affect various aspects of the organization such as the handling of responsibilities and communication channels.

### Things that can be helpful in dealing with the above:

- Collaborate using a methods-based approach when working together in a regular setting, too 
- Communicate openly and address problems in an appreciative manner
- Get to the bottom of the problem
- Stay the course as a team
- Incorporate surprises in the process 

## Myself and the process

<MethodCard
  title="Myself and the process"
  surtitle="Conclusion"
  imageUrl={"/img/process.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/01_ich_und_der_prozess.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF template</Link>}
/>
