i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/2-erkunden/abschluss.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Abschluss'
sidebar_position: 7
image: "/img/social-explore.png"
---

import EditIcon from '@site/static/img/icons/edit.svg';
import { MethodCard } from '@site/src/components/MethodCard';
import { Link } from '@site/src/components/Link';

# Abschluss

## Resultate dokumentieren

<MethodCard
  title="Resultate dokumentieren"
  surtitle="Abschluss"
  imageUrl={"/img/02_hero.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/02_abschluss.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF-Vorlage</Link>}
/>

## Erkunden abschließen

### Was zu feiern wäre:

In der Erkundungsphase sind wir zum Team geworden und haben uns ein gemeinsames Bild von der Herausforderung gemacht und Schlüsselakteure identifiziert. Basierend darauf haben wir vorhandenes Wissen recherchiert, um damit zusammenhängende Annahmen zu hinterfragen.

### Was anstrengend gewesen sein könnte:

Das Arbeiten ohne Hierarchie kann Unsicherheiten und Probleme mit sich bringen. Ehrlich und wertschätzend Kritik zu üben, ist eine Kunst. Besonders zu Beginn der Teamarbeit stellt dies eine der großen Herausforderung dar. Die Auseinandersetzung mit bestehenden Daten und Fakten produziert stellenweise mehr Fragen als Antworten. Das kann zu Desorientierung und Zweifeln führen und das motivierte Weitersuchen behindern.

### Was im Umgang damit hilfreich ist:

- Sich trauen, Nicht-Wissen zu adressieren
- Auf Selbstdarstellung verzichten
- Die Gruppenintelligenz nutzen, um einen Fokus herzustellen
- Bei Energieflauten an die frische Luft gehen
- Entspannungspausen einlegen
- Neues Vorgehen ausprobieren und üben

## Ich und der Prozess

<MethodCard
  title="Ich und der Prozess"
  surtitle="Abschluss"
  imageUrl={"/img/process.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/02_ich_und_der_prozess.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF-Vorlage</Link>}
/>

Commit message:

feat: add more translations (phase 2, phase 6, fixes to phase 1)

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/2-erkunden/abschluss.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Conclusion'
sidebar_position: 7
image: "/img/social-explore.png"
---

import EditIcon from '@site/static/img/icons/edit.svg';
import { MethodCard } from '@site/src/components/MethodCard';
import { Link } from '@site/src/components/Link';

# Conclusion

## Document Outcomes

<MethodCard
  title="Document Outcomes"
  surtitle="Conclusion"
  imageUrl={"/img/02_hero.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/02_document-outcomes.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF template</Link>}
/>

## Conclude the exploration phase

### Things to celebrate

In the _exploration phase_ we became a team, building a shared picture of the challenge and identifying key actors. Based on this, we investigated existing knowledge to challenge related assumptions.

### Things that might have been strenuous:

Working without a hierarchy can give rise to uncertainties and problems. Giving honest and appreciative criticism is an art. This is one of the big challenges, especially when the teamwork initially gets going. To some extent, looking into existing data and facts throws up more questions than answers. This can lead to disorientation and doubt, which in turn impacts on motivation to continue searching.

### Things that can be helpful in dealing with the above:

- If there is a lack of knowledge, be bold to enough to admit it
- Refrain from blowing your own trumpet
- Draw on group intelligence to establish a focus
- Get out into the fresh air when energy levels are low
- Take breaks to relax
- Try out and rehearse new procedures

## Myself and the process

<MethodCard
  title="Myself and the process"
  surtitle="Conclusion"
  imageUrl={"/img/process.svg"}
  className="mt-5"
  footer={<Link className="text-magenta-500 underline" href={'pathname:///arbeitsblatt/02_myself-and-the-process.pdf'} icon={<EditIcon className="w-3 h-3 text-inherit" />}>PDF template</Link>}
/>
